#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking requirements_for_test.txt
#
apig-wsgi==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest
awscli==1.27.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   notifications-utils
awscli-cwlogs==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
babel==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask-babel
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
bleach==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
blinker==1.5
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
boto3==1.26.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
botocore==1.29.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask-caching
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   requests
chardet==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   black
    #   flask
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   coveralls
    #   pytest-cov
coveralls==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   email-validator
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   coveralls
    #   notifications-python-client
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli
email-validator==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
environs==9.5.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest
execnet==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
flake8==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flake8-print
flake8-print==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
flask==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask-babel
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-redis
    #   flask-wtf
    #   notifications-utils
flask-babel==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
flask-caching==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
flask-login==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
flask-redis==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
freezegun==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pwnedpasswords
gevent==22.10.2
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
greenlet==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   gevent
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-wtf
    #   notifications-utils
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-babel
    #   jinja2-cli
    #   notifications-utils
jinja2-cli[yaml]==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lml==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-io
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel-ezodf
    #   pyexcel-ods3
    #   translate-toolkit
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   notifications-utils
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   environs
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flake8
mistune==0.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
mixpanel==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
mypy==0.991
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
newrelic==6.10.0.165
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
notifications-python-client==6.4.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
notifications-utils @ git+https://github.com/cds-snc/notifier-utils.git@50.1.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
openpyxl==3.0.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel-xlsx
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   bleach
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   black
phonenumbers==8.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   black
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest
pwnedpasswords==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest-forked
py-w3c==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flake8
    #   flake8-print
pyexcel==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pyexcel-ezodf==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel-ods3
pyexcel-io==0.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-ods3
    #   pyexcel-xls
    #   pyexcel-xlsx
pyexcel-ods3==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pyexcel-xls==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pyexcel-xlsx==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flake8
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pypdf2==1.28.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pytest==7.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==2.12.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pytest-env==0.8.1
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pytest-forked==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-mock==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
pytest-xdist==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   botocore
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   environs
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   babel
    #   flask-babel
    #   notifications-utils
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli
    #   jinja2-cli
    #   notifications-utils
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask-redis
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   coveralls
    #   mixpanel
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   notifications-utils
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   awscli-cwlogs
    #   bleach
    #   mixpanel
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
smartypants==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
statsd==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   notifications-utils
texttable==1.6.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel
timeago==1.0.15
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   black
    #   mypy
    #   pytest
translate-toolkit==3.7.4
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
types-python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
types-pytz==2021.3.8
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
types-requests==2.28.11.5
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
types-urllib3==1.26.25.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   types-requests
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   mypy
ua-parser==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   user-agents
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   botocore
    #   mixpanel
    #   requests
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements_for_test.txt
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   bleach
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
    #   notifications-utils
wtforms==3.0.0a1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   flask-wtf
xlrd==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel-xls
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   pyexcel-xls
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_for_test.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
